PAGE 0 home screen 
    start

PAGE 1 tai chi dojo
    PROX middle of mat 
        It all started when you joined tai chi. You chose tai chi rather than karate or tae kwon do because you didn't want to hurt anyone, just protect yourself. You'll discover soon enough that it was the wrong choice for that goal.
    PROX ben and sprazz 
        NAR
            Your first day, you met two boys: Ben and Sprazzle. You should have known from the start that anyone with the name Sprazzle would be a little suspect. Ben was a natural at tai chi; Sprazzle was not. You did quite well, and you enjoyed the smooth, studied, slow movements. Ben and Sprazzle took you under their wing immediately, helping you in tai chi, but also befriending you outside of lessons. It was clearly a setup, but hindsight is 20/20. It started with a coffee, which they refused to let you pay for. More free snacks here and there, and most recently it was a free movie.
    INT 
        DIA
            bensprazz chit chat and invite to amusement park 
            fade to next 

PAGE 2 parking lot
    NAR
        At the end of the day when you were leaving the amusement park, Ben and Sprazz led you to a van waiting in the parking lot.
    PROX if walk away from van  
        DIA bensprazz
            hey this our ride come with use
    PROX van
        GIF anaconda gets out an opens doors, sudden black

PAGE 3 red flower warehouse
    NAR
        You wake up eventually. Something is making your right forearm sting. You look down and see that they've given you a red flower tattoo, the mark of the notorious Red Flower gang. 
    DIA Anaconda
        OK Tulip and more nonsense about setting up a meeting between big guy and your dad
    INT 
        DIA
            keep talking to anaconda basic repetitive 
    INT papers on table
        NAR 
            papers documenting your involvement-- basically you're fucked
    INT door    
        run?

PAGE 4 NAR
    hide or meet big guy

PAGE 5 red flower warehouse
    DIA bensprazz
        You convinced them that they would maintain more control if you met with Big Guy instead of your father, and they reluctantly agreed
        a few dialogue options that all take you to the same place

PAGE 6 NAR
    Plans were made, and now you're arriving at Narita International Airport. A smiling well-dressed young woman is waiting at the exit to passport control. She holds a sign labeled with your name. She introduces herself as Sabaruki, and takes you to a cab, which takes you to your hotel. She tells you you'll stay there tonight before going to meet with Big Guy tomorrow.

PAGE 7 hotel room
    PROX door
        DIA sabaruki 
            we have to be leaving in 10 min hurry up
        INT 
            leave?
            IF read letter: or sneak out?
    INT letter
        you find a letter slid under your door. It's from the yakuza. They are demanding that you don't meet with Big Guy and go instead to the address they listed. 

PAGE 8 NAR
    yakuza kill you <3

PAGE 9 NAR
    You have enough on your plate with the Red Flowers, and you don't need to complicate things any further. You throw away the letter and head down to the hotel lobby to meet with Sabaruki. She is waiting for you there, impatient after you took so long to come down, and leads you straight to the car that will take you to Big Guy. 

PAGE 10 mansion
    DIA sabaruki
        wait here
    INT walls
        fancy wallpaper
    INT paintings
        famous artist
    INT statues
        statues really??
    IF all int: next

PAGE 11 big guys office
    DIA big guy
        back and forth with big guy here

PAGE 12 NAR
    The reality of the situation come crashing down on you. You are a hostage. You have been kidnapped. Kidnapped by yourself. You got on the plane, you came to Japan. You made yourself a hostage. And this man, thing, whatever he may be, he'll do anything to get what he wants. No matter what you do, you'll end up dead either way, so you may as well make it count. You lunge at Big Guy and grab a handful of wires. You rip them from his body, and his right arm goes limp. Unfortunately, Big Guy built himself with the means to fight back. His mechanical eyes turn straight at you, you feel as if they are staring through your soul. You see a flash of light, and two laser beams shoot straight through your chest. 

PAGE 13 NAR    
    The Red Flowers are dangerous, so you decide to go into hiding where you can think more on what to do next. You rememeber an old beach house your mom's company owns; it's the off season so it'll be empty right now

PAGE 14 -15 house
    INT key under pot
    INT door locked
        unlock w/ key
    INT shelves lack dust
    INT fridge
    IF fridge 
        THEN DIA ben sprazz outside
            As you listen, you learn they're not here for you. It was one big coincidence, the Red Flowers have been using this house as a cargo drop point, and there's going to be one tonight. You should escape before Ben and Sprazz realize you're there, but you could stay and try to get more information before alerting the police. 
        INT window NAR 
            You should escape before Ben and Sprazz realize you're there, but you could stay and try to get more information before alerting the police. 
            escape?? or stay to hear more?

PAGE 16 NAR
    You go back up the stairs as quietly as you can, open a window, and go out onto the roof. Just as you're about to climb down, a car pulls up in front of the house. The windows are down, and you can hear Anaconda talking to someone in the passenger seat. The way he's talking to Anaconda, it must be his boss, Big Guy, and he just told Anaconda to kill Ben and Sprazz. 
    run or stay?

PAGE 17 neighborhood
    INT doors
        knock -- most dont open
        DIA neighbor
            ask to use phone call popo

PAGE 18 NAR
    You call the cops. They send a squad car, but by the time it gets there, it's too late. There's no sign of anyone having been in the house at all, let alone a crime scene. The police think you're lying about the story; with no evidence at the house, how could they believe you? You call your dad and explain the situation. He believes you. Together, you try again to convince the police, and with your dad's help, they agree to send a larger force to intercept the cargo drop tonight. Finally everything can come to a close, you'll no longer be running from the gang, and they'll all be arrested for their crimes. When the time comes for the drop, the cops discover that Big Guy was ready for an attack. Both him and Anaconda, along with all their gang members, turn the beach into a bloodbath. They get away, and you vow to spend your life hunting them down. 

PAGE 19 house
    PROX bottom of stairs
        DIA anaconda ben sprazz
            Still hidden on the stairs, you hear the front door open. Someone enters and starts threatening Ben and Sprazz. It's Anaconda. You peak around the corner to see whats going on, and watch as ANaconda grabs both Ben and Sprazz and - CENSORED DUE TO EXCESSIVE GRUESOME VIOLENCE
