////Start
    It all started when you joined tai chi. You chose tai chi rather than karate or tae kwon do because you didn't want to hurt anyone, just protect yourself. You'll discover soon enough that it waas the wrong choice for that goal. Your first day, you met two boys: Ben and Sprazzle. You should have known from the start that anyone with the name Sprazzle would be a little suspect. Ben was a natural at tai chi; Sprazzle was not. You did quite well, and you enjoyed the smooth, studied, slow movements. Ben and Sprazzle took you under their wing immediately, helping you in tai chi, but also befriending you outside of lessons. It was clearly a setup, but hindsight is 20/20. It started with a coffee, which they refused to let you pay for. More free snacks here and there, then it was a free movie, then a trip to a nearby amusement park. At the end of the day when you were leaving the amusement park, Ben and Sprazz led you to a van waiting in the parking lot. You saw a large man opening the back doors, then felt something hit the back of your head, and you remember nothing after that. You wake up eventually. Ben and Sprazz are standing in front of you with the man from the van, and something is making your right forearm sting. You look down and see that they've given you a red flower tattoo, the mark of the notorious Red Flower gang. The man, who you now know goes by Anaconda, demands that you set up a meeting between his boss, Big Guy, and your dad. What kind of mob boss goes by the name 'Big Guy'? Your dad is a bigshot attorney who can help them continue their business if they can get you and him to cooperate. After hearing this, you run. They let you go, after all, they forged plenty of blackmail to get you to work for them. In your frantic state, you can think of only two options: hide and hope they can't find you, or protect your father by meeting with Big Guy yourself instead. 

//////Meet with big guy
    As it turns out, Big Guy is in Japan. Once you made your decision, you met with Ben and Sprazz. You convinced them that they would maintain more control if you met with Big Guy instead of your father, and they reluctantly agreed. Plans were made, and now you're arriving at Narita International Airport. A smiling well-dressed young woman is waiting at the exit to passport control. She holds a sign labeled with your name. She introduces herself as Sabaruki, and takes you to a cab, which takes you to your hotel. She tells you you'll stay there tonight before going to meet with Big Guy tomorrow. When you wake up in the morning, you find a letter slid under your door. It's from the yakuza. They are demanding that you don't meet with Big Guy and go instead to the address they listed. 

//////go to the address
    You decide to listen to the letter; you think the yakuza may be even more dangerous thatn the Red Flowers, and you don't want to get on their bad side. You sneak out a back entrance to the hotel, in hopes to avoid running into Sabaruki and having to explain yourself. You had looked up the address beforehand and found it was close by, so you decide to walk rather than take a cab. About halfway there, a car pulls up right beside you. Of course nothing could go smoothly. The door opens, and Sabaruki steps out. It turns out you won't be meeting with the yakuza after all. 

//////ignore the letter
    You have enough on your plate with the Red Flowers, and you don't need to complicate things any further. You throw away the letter and head down to the hotel lobby to meet with Sabaruki. She is waiting for you there, impatient after you took so long to come down, and leads you straight to the car that will take you to Big Guy. 

/////Big Guy   
    Big Guy is in a mansion on the outskirts of the city. You're amazed at the size of the place, but you shouldn't be surprised, this man's business brings in a lot of money. Sabaruki takes you to the library where you're to wait until Big Guy is ready for you. After what seems like hours, she returns, and you follow her to Big Guy's office. You enter the room, and the man himself. Though, you're not sure if man is the right word. He is all metal and wires, and you quickly realize, whether he was once a man or not, he sure isn't now. He starts speaking before you can even fully comprehend what you're looking at, 'You have come here to speak for your father. He is in a position to open doors for, to protect me from the authorities. You convince your father to work for me, and you both will be well paid.' 'What if he won't agree to help?' you say. 'Well that would be a big problem of course, but nothing we couldn't handle. A piece or two of you in his mailbox and he'll come around.' The reality of the situation come crashing down on you. You are a hostage. You have been kidnapped. Kidnapped by yourself. You got on the plane, you came to Japan. You made yourself a hostage. And this man, thing, whatever he may be, he'll do anything to get what he wants. No matter what you do, you'll end up dead either way, so you may as well make it count. You lunge at Big Guy and grab a handful of wires. You rip them from his body, and his right arm goes limp. Unfortunately, Big Guy built himself with the means to fight back. His mechanical eyes turn straight at you, you feel as if they are staring through your soul. You see a flash of light, and two laser beams shoot straight through your chest. 

//////hide
    The Red Flowers are dangerous, so you decide to go into hiding where you can think more on what to do next. You rememeber an old beach house your mom's company owns; it's the off season so it'll be empty right now. Once you arrive, you find the key under the flower pot next to the front door, and go inside. After such a stressful day, you're too exhausted to think. You go upstairs and go right to sleep. You wake up in the morning to the sound of voices. You creep down a few stairs and realize you recognize them; it's Ben and Sprazz. As you listen, you learn they're not here for you. It was one big coincidence, the Red Flowers have been using this house as a cargo drop point, and there's going to be one tonight. You should escape before Ben and Sprazz realize you're there, but you could stay and try to get more information before alerting the police. 

/////Eascape out the window
    You go back up the stairs as quietly as you can, open a window, and go out onto the roof. Just as you're about to climb down, a car pulls up in front of the house. The windows are down, and you can hear Anaconda talking to someone in the passenger seat. The way he's talking to Anaconda, it must be his boss, Big Guy, and he just told Anaconda to kill Ben and Sprazz. 

/////run away
    You want to help Ben and Sprazz, but Anacaonda is a scary man and there's nothing you can do here to help them. You climb down from the roof and run to a neighbor's house. You knock on their front door, and when they answer, you frantically ask to use their phone. You call the cops. They send a squad car, but by the time it gets there, it's too late. There's no sign of anyone having been in the house at all, let alone a crime scene. The police think you're lying about the story; with no evidence at the house, how could they believe you? You call your dad and explain the situation. He believes you. Together, you try again to convince the police, and with your dad's help, they agree to send a larger force to intercept the cargo drop tonight. Finally everything can come to a close, you'll no longer be running from the gang, and they'll all be arrested for their crimes. When the time comes for the drop, the cops discover that Big Guy was ready for an attack. Both him and Anaconda, along with all their gang members, turn the beach into a bloodbath. They get away, and you vow to spend your life hunting them down. 

////warn ben and Sprazz
    You can't just let Ben and Sprazz die like this, you have to warn them of what Anaconda is going to do. You climb back in the window and start to head down the stairs.

/////stay and eavesdrop
    You decide to stay and listen in for more information. You want to go to the police with as much information as possible to ensure the Red Flowers are put away for good. 

/////Anaconda
    Still hidden on the stairs, you hear the front door open. Someone enters and starts threatening Ben and Sprazz. It's Anaconda. You peak around the corner to see whats going on, and watch as ANaconda grabs both Ben and Sprazz and - CENSORED DUE TO EXCESSIVE GRUESOME VIOLENCE